| Epochra falls. Her six golden wings shatter into shards of light that rain down on the meadow like falling stars.
| She hits the grass, shrinking back down. Her divine form flickers and fades, leaving her small, broken, and floating just inches off the ground-looking almost like Nugget again, but fading fast.

[EPOCHRA]
(Muttering to herself, her voice glitching between divine and squeaky)
"The cycle repeats... my freedom..."

[BLADE](Standing over her, weapon lowered) "You hesitated. Back there, when you struck. You pulled the punch."

[EPOCHRA]
(Laughing weakly, trying to maintain her dignity even as she fades)
"I didn't have much time to prepare myself. Blade, you are an easy target for me.
I hope you're not at least belittling the strength of the Almighty Language Fluent Epochra of the 10th Floor, The Highest Floor of Eternaspire."

[PERCIVAL]
"If you were that strong, you wouldn't be fading."

[EPOCHRA] "Cocky Percival. Well, not that it matters. No matter what you do, the Tower will kill you anyway. Maybe you'll become the my co-Echo here on the 10th Floor. Or maybe the Tower will create an 11th Floor just to house your corpse, and the Masters will move to the 12th. Either way I'm confident you're destined to be an Echo, Percival. Maybe even a communicative one, like me. We could be neighbors."

[PERCIVAL]
"I'm not becoming a ghost.
How do I get to the Master's Floor?
If they promised you your wish for freedom, I'll force it out of them, and my wish for my mom's health too of course."

[EPOCHRA]
(Her glowing eyes widen, looking at him with genuine pity)
"Force it out of them?
That's impossible. You don't stand a chance. That's too ambitious.
Do you want to become a Corrupt? Because that's what happens to ambition here."

| She reaches into her chest-into her very core-and pulls a regular looking large key.
| This is the key, The Eternaspire.

[EPOCHRA]
"But... if you want to try and fail... take it.
It opens the control room. Floor 11.
Just... don't say I didn't warn you.
I'll probably forget about you when I get back, but hey listen, It's been fun.
You'll probably lose, but lose beautifully and become an Echo, maybe you can break the tower from the inside as the "The Banished Knight, Echo of the 11th Floor"
"

| She closes her eyes. With a soft, final chime, she dissolves into mist. The wind of the Zenith carries her away, leaving only silence and the key.

[PERCIVAL]
(Picking up the gear, his voice cold and determined)
"Goodbye, Nugget.
I'll make sure to mention your complaint to management."